update docker examples for Varnish3, remove obsolete 'version' yaml (#1963)
plone/documentation: docs/install/containers/examples/nginx-volto-plone-zeo.md

    environment:
      SITE: Plone
      ZEO_ADDRESS: db:8100

>       ZEO_SHARED_BLOB_DIR: on   #otherwise the backend will create its own filestorage/blogstorage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ZEO_SHARED_BLOB_DIR: on   # otherwise the backend will create its own blob storage
```

    volumes:

>       - data:/data              #the backend and db need access to the same volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - data:/data              # the backend and database need access to the same volume
```
